[music playing]
‐ Where am I?
‐ A grieving heart
and tears of distress.
What a feast.
Enjoy your meal, Lord Nanahoshi.
‐ This is a piece of the finest
aromatic wood in the world,
the Mini Galaxy.
And this is an eternity bug.
It will suck out
all your pain and suffering
and infuse it
in the Mini Galaxy,
releasing a splendid fragrance
for me to enjoy.
[laughs]
[energy pulses]
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru,
where are we going?!
If we're trying to find Towa,
shouldn't we
be going the other way?
[energy pulses]
‐ [gasping]
Towa.
Setsuna.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "A Place (Not) for Towa."
[grunting]
[panting]
I can't move.
Is it because of my New Moon?
[gasps]
What are those?
‐ [laughs]
How wonderful.
Such exquisite
sorrow and misery.
What a fragrance.
In my wildest dreams,
I never imagined experiencing
such a beautiful aroma!
‐ [gasps]
‐ As you can see,
the deeper your sorrow,
the finer
the fragrance of the smoke
produced by that sliver
of aromatic wood.
‐ [groans]
[wails]
‐ What is this?
‐ Lady Zero, the stage
has been set and made ready.
‐ Excellent. Then you may begin
your dance of grief.
‐ [chuckles]
[mysterious music playing]
‐ What are you up to?
‐ I love a good tragedy.
You see, it would be
all too easy to simply kill you,
but that would hardly
be enough to satisfy me.
No, you and your family
must suffer all the regret
and humiliation
that I've endured and more.
This Silver Pearl is imbued
with memories of the past
you've never been able
to free yourself from.
‐ [grunts]
[groans]
[grunts]
‐ Now watch closely as your
tragic memories are revived.
‐ What memories? There was
nothing tragic about my past.
Everyone in my life
was always really kind to me.
‐ [laughing] Is that right?
Well, let's take a look
at them, shall we?
‐ Let the curtain rise
on her memories!
ZERO: Now sit back
and enjoy his dance of grief.
‐ Don't leave me, Sis!
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Hello there. You okay?
You're not lost, are you?
‐ Please help!
I'm looking for Setsuna!
Can you help me find my sister?
‐ Of course I will.
Why don't we
go look for her together?
[siren wailing]
‐ Setsuna! Setsuna!
‐ Setsuna!
TOWA: This isn't it.
This isn't the right place.
‐ Was anybody else there
with you, Towa,
besides your sister?
‐ No, it was just us
in the forest.
‐ Oh, I see.
‐ [crying]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [sobbing]
‐ It's all right.
You must miss her, huh?
‐ This is all my fault!
It's all because I
let go of Setsuna's hand!
[footsteps crunch]
Setsuna!
‐ So you're telling me...
‐ Setsuna!
‐ that this child
is from the Feudal Era?
Are you sure of that?
‐ Yeah,
I'm almost certain of it.
Just the way she moves,
doesn't she
remind you of Inuyasha?
‐ Wait. You mean that girl
might be Kagome's daughter?
‐ No, I don't think that's it.
‐ Setsuna!
‐ It's hard to explain.
‐ So what are we
going to do with her?
If what you said is true,
we can't leave her like this.
‐ No, I'm going to take her in.
And don't worry.
I'll make it work, Mom.
‐ [sniffles]
‐ Huh?
‐ I can't find Setsuna anywhere.
‐ Well, I'm sure
that wherever Setsuna is,
she's all right.
‐ Mama Moe, is there
someone inside your tummy?
‐ Huh?
‐ I hear a thump‐thumping noise
coming from inside.
‐ [heart beating]
‐ That's right.
There's a baby in there,
and she'll be born soon.
‐ A baby?
‐ Yeah, I really hope
that you two get along.
We're thinking
Mei would be a good name.
‐ Mei.
[heart beating]
[sighs]
She's so cute!
Oh, hi, Mei! Nice to meet you!
‐ [cooing]
‐ So you're
her big sister now, Towa.
That's an important job.
‐ But I'm already
Setsuna's big sister.
‐ Yes, you are.
You're a big sister to both,
Mei and Setsuna.
And we're Papa and Mama
to you and Mei.
‐ Papa, Mama.
And I'm Mei and Setsuna's
big sister.
‐ That's right, but I need you
to promise me one thing.
It's very important
that you don't use your powers
in front of other people.
They have to be
our little secret. Promise?
‐ [chuckles] Mm‐hmm. I promise.
[grunts]
[gasps]
‐ She doesn't exist!
‐ "Setsuna! Setsuna!"
‐ We know you made
that whole sister thing up.
BOY: Yeah, so don't
go getting mad and kicking us
when we say she's not real!
‐ GIRL: "Setsuna!"
‐ She does too exist.
‐ "Where are you?!"
‐ I'll never forget her.
SOTA:
So what happened out there?
‐ They said
that Setsuna doesn't exist.
I'm really sorry.
‐ No need to apologize.
As long as you
didn't start the fight.
‐ One of 'em hit me,
so I kicked them.
‐ But not with
your full strength, right?
‐ 'Cause I know you
wouldn't break your promise.
I know your sister's out there.
So you mustn't forget
about her, okay?
‐ No.
I never will.
Setsuna.
‐ Ah, yes, I sense
such overwhelming sorrow.
My, what a marvelous fragrance.
‐ [gasping]
You can cry if you want, Towa.
In fact,
the more tears you shed,
the sooner your sorrow
and pain will be alleviated.
‐ [gasps]
I will never cry!
‐ How very impressive.
‐ Go on, Towa.
Let your tears flow.
Scream as loud as you can.
Release all the rage and hate
that we both know
you've kept hidden
deep in your heart for so long.
‐ [gasps]
Go ahead. Do your worst!
You're never
gonna get me to cry!
‐ [laughs]
More, eternity bug! More!
Suck out every drop of sorrow!
‐ [energy pulses]
‐ [gasps]
What is this feeling
in my heart?
‐ I wonder, Towa,
could it be you've discovered
a loneliness
you didn't even know you had?
‐ Loneliness?
‐ Now, now. Don't be alarmed.
[no audible dialogue]
You see,
these are Setsuna's memories
that were grafted
onto the Gold Pearl.
[music playing]
Surrounded by friends, she seems
to have been blissfully happy.
I fear she forgot
all about you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [inhales]
[groans]
[coughs]
It's almost too much.
I've never before
had the pleasure
of smelling
such overwhelming loneliness!
‐ You're wrong.
I was never lonely!
I was always happy, 'cause I was
surrounded by a loving family!
‐ I really do pity you, Towa.
Then we must dig a little deeper
and expose the darkness.
[pops]
BOTH: Happy,
happy birthday, Towa!
‐ Hmm?
What's a birthday?
‐ That's the day
when you were born.
‐ We don't know
your real birthday,
so we decided to make it
the day that we met you.
Go on. You're supposed
to blow out the candles.
‐ [sighs]
'Kay!
[inhales]
Huh?
BOTH: Uh...
[laughing]
‐ She blew out the candles,
all right!
‐ She's got
amazing lung capacity!
She might become
an athlete someday!
SOTA: Boy, are we a mess.
‐ [laughing]
‐ Sweetie, can you grab a towel?
[laughing]
SOTA: Oh, if you
could only see yourself.
[laughing]
[boy screams]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Higurashi!
Who the hell
do you think you are?!
[gasping]
Whoa!
‐ [sighs]
‐ [screaming]
Huh? [yelps]
‐ You'll never hit me
with that punch.
GIRL: Wanna come over
to my house tomorrow?
‐ Sure!
‐ Oh, great!
I really wanna show you this‐‐
[gasps]
Look! Look over there.
It's Higurashi.
‐ She's so cool.
I wish I could be like her.
‐ I like how she's
not part of any group.
‐ I know, right?
She's like a lone wolf.
GIRL 3: Don't leave me, Sis!
‐ [gasps] Setsuna?
‐ Come on. Hurry up, then!
[both laugh]
‐ Slowpoke!
‐ I'm going this way, okay?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Bye, Towa! See you!
‐ You have fun now, okay?
Yours was a makeshift family
who smiled at you
out of pity, that's all,
a well‐meaning, but typically
useless form of human behavior.
It must have made you
feel quite lonely, Towa.
‐ You're wrong!
I never felt loneliness!
And their smiles were genuine!
‐ What's this? You even
crossed swords with Setsuna?
And after you tried so hard
to find her too.
‐ That was‐‐
[energy pulses]
No, that was‐‐
that was only...
because of a Hitokon's power.
‐ Just admit it.
There's no place
for you anywhere.
‐ Stop talking. Just stop.
‐ Even your own sister
forgot you existed.
‐ Knowing she was alive
was more than enough.
‐ All those years,
you were so worried about her.
‐ Stop it. One more word,
and I swear...
‐ But in the end, you meant
nothing to your sister.
‐ That's right.
Setsuna didn't remember me...
or care about me.
[yells]
You'll pay for this.
‐ Delicious. Delicious!
Such exquisite sorrow!
Such delectable suffering!
‐ Bring out your hatred!
Let it flow, Towa!
‐ I'll never forgive you.
You'll pay for this,
both of you!
I'll kill you!
‐ [laughs]
RIKU: This is too cruel, Madam,
‐ even for you!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Sorry we're late.
Are you all right?
‐ I beg you, Aunt Zero,
stop all of this.
‐ Riku. Rion.
[tense music playing]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru is flying
unusually fast today.
Does this mean
he's trying to grant
Rin's dying wish
while there's still time?
OGRE: Hey,
did you hear the news?
There's a bunch of demon slayers
traveling along
the northern road.
‐ And that's not all. I heard
that one of those demon slayers
is Sesshomaru's
half‐demon daughter.
‐ Is that a fact?
If we could knock her off,
we'd make ourselves famous.
‐ On the northern road, huh?
[Jaken yelps] Whoa!
No, I guess he hasn't
given up on Rin after all!
He must be going to get help
from Setsuna's Yukari‐‐
Yukari no‐‐
[yelps]
[yells]
Oh, no!
‐ Man, I'm exhausted.
‐ [Jaken yelling]
‐ What I wouldn't give
for a hot bath right now.
[both groan]
[both yell]
‐ [gasps]
What the hell was that?
‐ What just happened back there?
‐ JAKEN: Hmm.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Jaken, you little demon,
that was you?
You trying to kill us, or what?!
‐ Huh? Oh, it's you,
Inuyasha's daughter.
[gasps] Wait.
Why aren't Setsuna and Towa
with you right now?!
‐ Hey, it's not like we're glued
together at the hip, you know.
‐ Yeah, that's right.
‐ [grunts]
I need Setsuna's
Yukari no Tachikiri, and fast!
Where is Setsuna?!
‐ You're even
more worked up than usual.
What's going on here?
‐ It's Rin, in the‐‐
the Tree of Ages!
‐ Towa and Setsuna's mom?
What about her?
NANASUKE: What's taking
Setsuna and Hisui so long?
‐ Ahh. Not bad.
‐ Don't let your guard down.
I've heard rumors that demons
can show up in these parts.
‐ OGRE: You heard right!
‐ Hmm?
‐ And none of you is
getting off this road alive!
‐ Now then, which one of you
is Sesshomaru's daughter?
'Cause I want to make sure
I'm the one to destroy her!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Don't hold your breath.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Chief, look!
[ogres clamoring]
ROKUTA: Where did
all these guys come from?!
‐ They've got us
completely surrounded.
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
[ogres scream]
‐ There you are.
‐ Sorry we're late!
‐ No, not at all.
Your timing was perfect.
‐ Who are they?
‐ Sure are a lot of 'em.
‐ [chuckles] Of course
there's a lot of us.
There's always a lot of us!
That's why we're called
swarming green ogres!
‐ You with the long hair,
Sesshomaru's daughter,
did you know that killing you
will make
the Green Ogre Bunch famous?
[energy crackling]
[all gasping]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ Ah, Kohaku.
‐ It's been a while, sir.
I assume something must have
happened to bring you here?
‐ So, Setsuna...
‐ [gasps]
‐ have you mastered
its powers yet?
‐ [gasps]
[blade chimes]
[gasps]
Well, I did sever
one thread of fate.
‐ Go to the Tree of Ages, then.
Towa, she is crying.
‐ [gasps]
Very well.
All right, Chief,
Hisui, you got this?
‐ We've got it.
‐ Yeah, go on, Setsuna!
‐ Kirara!
‐ [snarls]
‐ Well, sir, shall we...
deal with the rest of them?
[gasps]
‐ Bakusaiga!
‐ Go! Quickly!
ZERO: I'm surprised
you were able to find us.
‐ [earring chimes]
‐ It was the smell of lavender.
We followed the delightful scent
of Lady Towa's hand cream.
‐ Stop this, Aunt Zero!
It's not right!
‐ I fear you've come
a little too late.
[both gasp]
‐ How dare you?
You think
I'm just going to let you
toy with my feelings this way?!
‐ Lady Towa!
‐ Lady Towa, you mustn't!
‐ [gasps]
[growling]
‐ She's become
blinded with rage.
‐ [sighs]
[animal howls]
‐ What fury!
Like the Great Dog Demon!
‐ [grunts]
[yells]
‐ [wails]
What has she done to you,
my poor eternity bug?
Agh!
‐ Exactly what I'm
going to do to you!
‐ [whimpers]
‐ [yells]
‐ [screams]
[both gasp]
‐ I've finally found the means
of assuring my survival
to the very end.
‐ Did she mean...
Lady Towa, don't do it!
‐ Go on. Let your anger out.
Strike at me
and be tormented by your sins
for the rest of your life!
‐ Tree of Ages, let me in.
[footsteps splashing]
[gasps]
The curse
has progressed this far?
[gasps]
Please forgive me.
‐ RIN: Setsuna...
‐ [gasps]
‐ I heard the music...
that you played for me.
I watched you grow
through your dreams.
‐ Mother!
‐ Thank you for‐‐
for coming.
I'm glad...
I could see you once more.
‐ I won't let you die!
I'll save you
with the Yukari no Tachikiri!
‐ No, it's...
Towa that you must save.
‐ Save Towa?
What did my father mean
when he told me Towa was crying?
‐ My only wish...
my last wish...
was to hold you both in my arms.
‐ [gasps]
I understand.
Yukari no Tachikiri,
show me the thread of fate
that binds them!
[blade pulses]
[thread chiming]
[threads chiming]
I found it!
[yells]
‐ No, don't!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Even if you sever that thread,
the silver‐scale curse
won't be lifted.
‐ What?!
‐ The curse
embodies Lady Zero's regrets.
Unless you lift these regrets
from her, you cannot save her!
‐ But she's your enemy!
Why would you care
what happens to her?!
‐ Setsuna,
save Towa and Lady Zero.
‐ Save both of them? How?
‐ Setsuna...
deliver this to Towa.
‐ But that's a...
‐ Kirara!
‐ [growls]
‐ Quickly now!
Follow that thread to Towa!
[blade chimes]
‐ [snarls]
‐ How dare you go poking around
in my memories?
I'll kill you for that!
[yells]
‐ You mustn't, Lady Towa!
‐ Out of the way right now!
‐ Listen! As hateful as she is,
the Madam is still connected to
your mother by a thread of fate!
If you kill her,
you'll kill your mother!
‐ I don't care!
‐ Lady Towa,
you don't mean that!
‐ [laughs]
‐ Get out of my way!
‐ The time has come for me
to reabsorb the Rainbow Pearls.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Towa, I,
the great demon Zero...
will now send you to hell.
[singing in Japanese]
[music playing]
SETSUNA: I must use
the Yukari no Tachikiri
to sever the thread of fate.
But I've learned that even that
will not be enough
to save my mother or Towa
or Zero, for that matter.
Next time on Yashahime:
"Zero's Wish."
These memories.
I understand now...
you only wanted
to protect them.